README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Paojangam Kipgen

"I dance between words and code — finding rhythm in algorithms and meaning in poetry.  
I craft software that’s both purposeful and expressive, while exploring new horizons in AI and full-stack development."

---


## 🔧 Tech Stack & Skills

**Frontend:**  
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
</p>

**Backend:**  
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white" />
</p>

**Database & Tools:**  
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-00758F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-4169E1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white" />
</p>

---

## 🌱 Currently Learning

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black" /> 
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloud_Computing-00ADEF?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white" />
</p>




## 📈 GitHub stuff

<p align="center">

  <!-- Top Languages -->
  <img alt="Top languages" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Paojangam&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" width="320" />
</p>


<p align="center">
  <img alt="GitHub Streak" src="https://git-hub-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Paojangam&theme=react&hide_border=false" />
</p>



---

## 💡 Stuff i do to chill out:

- 📚 I love to read books and explore new ideas  
- ✍️ I enjoy writing, especially poetry and personal reflections

---

## 📫 Hit me up:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/paojangam-namcha-kipgen-594557240/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a>  
  <a href="https://leetcode.com/u/paojangam/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=leetcode&logoColor=white" />
  </a>  
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-paojangam1234@gmail.com-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" /> 
</p>

Commit message:

Revise README content and tech stack description
Updated personal introduction and tech stack section.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Paojangam Kipgen
so long as you live , it is worth trying

---


## these are the tools and techs that i work with

**Frontend:**  
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
</p>

**Backend:**  
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white" />
</p>

**Database & Tools:**  
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-00758F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-4169E1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white" />
</p>

---

## 🌱 Currently Learning

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black" /> 
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloud_Computing-00ADEF?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white" />
</p>




## 📈 GitHub stuff

<p align="center">

  <!-- Top Languages -->
  <img alt="Top languages" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Paojangam&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" width="320" />
</p>


<p align="center">
  <img alt="GitHub Streak" src="https://git-hub-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Paojangam&theme=react&hide_border=false" />
</p>



---

## 💡 Stuff i do to chill out:

- 📚 I love to read books and explore new ideas  
- ✍️ I enjoy writing, especially poetry and personal reflections

---

## 📫 Hit me up:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/paojangam-namcha-kipgen-594557240/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a>  
  <a href="https://leetcode.com/u/paojangam/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-orange?style=for-the-badge&logo=leetcode&logoColor=white" />
  </a>  
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-paojangam1234@gmail.com-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" /> 
</p>
